Nezha, go away
Don't get involved in this muddy water again
Once this Wu Chenjian is unsheathed
Closed eyes blood
You're going to die.
Shut up and wait until this is over
I'll clean you up
Strange, the first place for this Excalibur
Only the Straight Water Jue who cultivates my five divine platforms
To be unaffected
Why is this blind man any different?
Who the hell is he?
Heroes here
Who is willing to hold this sword for my Xiao family?
Kill this madman
I, Xiao Meng, am willing to cross the little girl
The one who controls this person will kill
The sharp knife will rise to the bright moon, hahahaha, Young Master Jiang
meet
Luo
I will kill a few defenseless people
You can pick any weapon you want.
I let you die convinced
Let me pick a weapon
Then I can choose
Take your pick.
Jiang class leader
Can you lend me the dustless scabbard?
Hahahaha
Arrogance
I thought you were going to get your Seven Star Knife back
Maybe keep it a secret
I didn't expect to die like this
Since you will be a corpse
I will grant your last wish
Luozhai died